

Cari produk disini

Privacy Policy for OlshopTest

At Indah Barter, accessible from this url and the Android application, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by OlshopTest and how we use it.

By accessing this application we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use OlshopTest's application if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this application and accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

Permission Access
Information Collection on the Device In order for the application to run properly when using our services, we may ask you to give permissions to our application, including but not limited to

android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission. WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.CAMERA
android.permission.ACCESS_MEDIA_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
android.hardware.bluetooth (for print invoice)
android.hardware.fingerprint (for app lock)
The information that we request will be stored on your device and our server and will not provided to any thrid party in any way. Permission above applies our android application, but there are several other permissions for notification purposes.

User generated content policy
You can write review's in our product section that can see by other costumers. Your name and photo profile will be shown in review's section, but you can choose to be anonymous review but it's not guarantee that your account will not be banned if you violate our terms of use.

Content published on this service should not mislead other customers. It should be upfront and honest about the information presented. Examples of such content that is not allowed include:

Misspellings, gimmicky character use, gibberish, or automated or distracting content such as blurry or poor image or video quality, or unrecognizable content
Images, videos, or links that negatively distract the reader's attention
Links to malware, viruses, or other harmful software
Links to sites irrelevant to the business
Phishing scams
Duplicate photos, posts, videos, and logos
Content that harasses, bullies, or is hateful. Published content cannot promote hatred or incite violence against individuals or groups based on ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Text, images, videos, or links cannot include slurs or derogatory epithets about protected groups. Content cannot be used to harass or bully individuals, including direct physical threats or exposure of private information that could be used to carry out implied threats.
Content that contains obscene, profane, or offensive language or gestures
Fake review at product review section
If you see the spam user generated content happen in our service, please click "Report" button for future moderation.
Image uploaded to our server
You have rights to upload your images to our server for photo profile purpose. Your image will be presented to other user if you writing a review at our product page. You can freely choose or replace the photo profile anytime you want. Your image will be uploaded to our server with address https://storage1.bukaolshop.com and we have right to delete your image from our server if it's necessary. Please note that your images that uploaded to our server should following our user generated content policy above.

Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.

When you register in our app, you will be ask to provide your personal data such as:

full name
email address
phone number
password for future login
Other financial info (opt)
When you plan to buy our physical product, you will be ask to provide more information such as your home address and geo location.

When you are start to using our services, you may willingly give information about but not limited to:

Approximate location (see Location Information section below)
in-app messages
Photos that you upload to our server (see User generated content policy section above)
How we use your information? We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

Provide, operate, and maintain our application
Improve, personalize, and expand our app
Understand and analyze how you use our service
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information
Find and prevent fraud
Data Sharing Policy
The data that we received from Information we collect section above, will be saved in our server and only. We do not share your data with third party for any purpose. Your data will be processed internally in our server for App functionality, Developer communications, Analytics, Personalization, and Account management only.

Location Information
When you use our services we may collect information about your location for delivery order feature. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using GPS if you are going to order with delivery option. Other than this delivery feature, we don't collect your GPS data.

Data Deletion
You can choose to delete your data in our server. Your data such as email, phone number, password, carts, favorite, balance and other data will be deleted and can not be recovered. To delete your account, you can do it in this link: Account Deletion Page

Security practices
OlshopTest really respects your privacy as a user of our service. Sensitive data such as name, cellphone number, e-mail address and others will be maintained properly and will not be distributed to anyone outside your own application environment. All the data traffic is encrypted in transit using https method.
But please remember that there are no methods of transmission over the internet, or methods of electronic storage that are 100% safe and reliable, and we cannot guarantee the security of your data, accounts and services absolutely.

Log Files
OlshopTest follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, OlshopTest uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

Link to Websites
The existing shop may contain links to other sites. If someone clicks on a third party link, then it will be directed to that site. Note that this external site is not operated by OlshopTest. Therefore, we strongly encourage you to review this website's Privacy Policy. We have no control and are not responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.

Third Party Privacy Policies
OlshopTest's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

OlshopTest does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in OlshopTest. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.

Privacy Policy Changes
We will update this privacy policy from time to time. You are advised to visit this page periodically to see the changes that occur. Every change will be marked with the date printed at the top of this privacy policy.

Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.

About
Privacy Policy
Kebijakan Layanan
Informasi
Kontak
©2022 Indah Barter. All rights reserved.
